(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(tense music)
[Narrator] Guided by the
power of the eight crests,
a new chapter of the
Digi-Destined's great adventure
had begun.
Who knows what trials
and tribulations
they'll need to face
in their fight against
the Great Catastrophe?
Although the Digi-Destined
have started
to light their crests.
They have yet to grasp the
nature of the Great Catastrophe
that is now approaching
the Digital World.
Tai and Agumon continue
on their journey,
guided by their Digivice.
(gentle music)
Hey, hey. I'm glad to hear
you're feeling better Patamon.
I am, thanks to the hot springs.
Yeah, so we should be heading
out of here pretty soon too.
But, Gatomon is...
Yeah? What's the matter?
Uh...
I'll get out right
after I count to 20.
1, 2, 3...
Guess Gatomon really
likes the hot spring.
No one can resist
the Kido Hot Springs,
not even the celestial Digimon.
Yeah, come on. You gotta try it.
We'll be on our way as
soon as Gatomon gets out.
Okay then. You be careful.
We'll see you guys later.
Hmm.
Bye bye.
Ready Gatomon?
Yeah.
As soon as I count to 30.
So Tai, are you two
holding up okay?
Yeah. Feeling great.
[Tentomon] Fortunately
Wisemon's research team
happened to be in your area,
so we asked if they
could pick you guys up.
And, as you see, they did.
(Honeybeemon giggles)
Well thanks for doing that.
We owe you one.
So what's up Izzy?
How are things on your end?
Fine. We've made a lot of
progress on the data recovery.
So we should be able to head
out of here pretty soon too.
Sounds good.
But about the Great
Catastrophe Wisemon predicted?
When this event will actually
occur is still a mystery.
And what's going to
happen when it does?
We don't know yet. We
don't know anything yet.
For now, all we can do is follow
the directions on our Digivices
because basically those are the
only clues we have to go on.
-(wind whooshes)
-(Tai yells)
What's going on?
(tense music)
Huh?
(wind whooshes)
(Tai and Agumon scream)
(Agumon gasps)
Oh boy.
Where are we?
Tai. Tai.
Wake up.
(Tai groans)
What?
(ominous music)
Keep an eye out.
Something's coming.
Wait, I recognize them.
We battled those Digimon
the very first time we met.
Argomon.
Tentomon said he and Izzy
fought against them too.
Yeah. He took control
of ships everywhere
and almost cost a
major global disaster.
So now they're showing up,
not just in the network,
but in the digital world?
Hello to you.
Huh?
(emotive music)
Tai Kamiya.
Huh?
Agumon.
Hello to you.
Is that an Argomon too?
Yes.
You are the one
called Tai Kamiya.
You are a human child.
One of the Digi-Destined.
And you are Agumon.
One of the Digimon
who can evolve
through their connection
with the Digi-Destined.
I am indeed Argomon.
As are we all Argomon.
All of you know all
of us Argomon already.
And of course we are
quite familiar with
all of you as well.
We recall very clearly
the fearsome battles
we fought with you.
We remember all of it.
That's great and all but
what do you want from us?
You lookin' for payback because
we defeated your friends?
We are an existence created
for one purpose alone:
to fulfill the mission.
Our meeting you was
not mere coincidence.
It was and is the
will of our creator.
-(tongues squelch)
-(tense music)
-(Agumon yells)
-Agumon.
(ground crumbles)
(Tai groans)
Hang on.
(claws slice)
Hey Tai...
(Agumon gasps)
Agumon. Agumon.
There's too many Tais.
Agumon.
(ground crumbles)
(Tais groan)
What is going on?
I'm being strangled.
What is all this?
Agumon.
Don't sweat it - I'll be fine.
So what? Are you just
gonna keep standing there
like some kinda idiot?
Get this stuff off of me.
(Tai screams)
I'm comin'.
(claw slices)
(digital static)
(explosion)
(Agumon yelps)
Agumon.
That was a fake Tai
Kamiya you chose to save.
The fakes are all
programmed to explode
if you free them from
their bonds, you see.
I don't get it. Why
are you doing this?
[Argomon] It is an experiment.
(Agumon growls)
There is only one way to
escape from this place:
by rescuing the real Tai Kamiya.
[Tai] Agumon.
[Argomon] If you do not
take action quickly,
Tai Kamiya's heart
will stop beating,
and you will have been
the one responsible
for ending Tai Kamiya's life.
(Agumon gasps)
[Tai] I'm the real one
Agumon, right here.
[Tai] No, I'm the real
one. Can't you tell?
[Tai] Over here Agumon.
[Tai] Cut this off
me. I can't breathe.
I can't breathe Agumon.
Forget about me
Agumon, save yourself.
Come on, I'm the real one.
-[Tai] I'm the real Tai.
-[Tai] No me.
The real one.
The real Tai.
(Agumon roars)
-(digital static)
-(explosion)
(Agumon screams)
Agumon.
(foreboding music)
(Agumon crashes)
(Tais grunt)
I can't breathe.
Stop this now.
Can't breathe.
What are you doing
Agumon? Save me.
I'm dying here. Do something.
[Tai] I'm the real
one over here.
Can't you tell?
[Tai] Agumon, save me, hurry.
[Tai] Over here, help.
Please Agumon.
Hey, don't worry.
I know you'll figure out
which one of us is real.
Hey, come on, hurry up
and save me already.
Hey help!
(Tais yell)
[Argomon] What will you do?
Just watch me.
Not that way. Come back.
Hey, I'm over here.
Where you going?
Just gotta cut them all loose.
That's right Agumon. Get your
butt over here and save me.
I'm the real one.
(Agumon roars)
(digital static)
Agumon...
(Agumon grunts)
(digital static)
(explosion)
(Agumon groans)
(Agumon grunts)
Big deal.
This is nothing.
Tai's hurting worse than I am.
Agumon.
[Tai] Agumon, the
real one is me.
[Tai] Hurry up and cut me down.
[Tai] Over here, hurry. Save me.
[Tai] Agumon, save me.
I'm here.
[Agumon] Tai, where are you?
Where are you?
I'm done for.
It's over, Agumon.
It's the end of the road for me.
Yeah, thanks for
nothing. Thanks a lot.
[Agumon] Which one
is the real Tai?
I'm almost out of breath.
[Agumon] What do I do?
What are you
waiting for, Agumon?
Cut me down before
it's too late.
Do you want see me die?
'Cause I will in a minute.
I can't breathe,
Agumon. Help me.
I'm done for. Help, help.
Agumon. Agumon, help.
-(Agumon screams)
-(Tais plead)
Tai.
Tai would know what to do
in a situation like this.
What do I do?
Okay, here we go.
We can't, we can't lose yet.
To save the Celestial Digimon,
and to defend our world,
that's why we came
all the way here.
[Agumon] If I were Tai...
Hey now, don't worry.
You've got this under control.
Come on, you never know
until you try, right?
I'll never let
Millenniumon come back,
not with all the
power we've got.
I swear, we're gonna
win no matter what.
(heroic music)
That's it.
No matter how great the danger,
Tai's always optimistic,
always filled with courage.
He would never say I'm done for.
Never.
(digital static)
A-Agumon.
There you are.
Pepper Breath.
(digital static)
(Agumon laughs)
(Duo grunt)
Tai, tell me you're all right.
Oh yeah. Never better.
Agumon, let's go.
Yeah.
(energetic music)
(digital static)
(singing in Japanese)
Agumon digivolve to...
Greymon.
(flame roars)
(electricity sizzles)
Greymon, let her rip.
Nova Blast.
(fire roars)
Take us up.
You got it.
Greymon digivolve to...
Metalgreymon.
(electricity sizzles)
(electricity zaps)
Giga Storm.
(digital static)
(Metalgreymon roars)
Alter Blade.
(explosion)
Let's take it up a notch.
Metalgreymon digivolve to...
Wargreymon.
(Duo yell)
Terra Force.
(digital static)
(explosion)
Where'd their ring leader go?
Answer me. Who are you?
(wind whooshes)
Our mission is to determine
exactly what powers were born
from the partnership between
you humans and the Digimon
who have survived till now.
That is the mission we have
been given in this time.
That Argomon said this was
an experiment, remember?
Why are you doing it?
What is it you're after?
You mentioned your creator
before, who is that?
The one who created me will
be making his move very soon.
(tense music)
All will be reduced
to nothing and vanish.
The time of the end.
The end?
Could that be the
Great Catastrophe?
(digital beep)
[Izzy] The Great Catastrophe?
Argomon really told you that?
So these Argomon must have been
a scouting unit
doing reconnaissance.
(Izzy gasps)
Then that means that this
whole thing must have started
with that first
incident back in Tokyo.
And all the incidents since
then are part of this too,
maybe even Burpmon's attack.
What a sly fox, seriously.
So everything's connected
to the Great Catastrophe.
(Digivice beeps)
I heard all about it.
So what do you think?
About the enemy's
actions, I mean.
And the reason they make
contact with you like that,
it's gotta be
because we've become
a presence they can no
longer afford to ignore.
[Tai] Matt, you be careful.
Yeah, same to you.
I guess we ought to be
heading out soon too.
About time.
(Digivice trills)
[Tai] Argomon is watching us.
So everybody, be on your guard.
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon encyclopedia
(piano music)
Wisemon: this mysterious
Digimon has space time stones
in each hand which store all
kinds of digital world events.
Now let's check this out.
Wisemon can appear
anywhere through a book.
Who knows?
Nowadays, Wisemon might
even be able to appear
through eBooks too.
This brings joy to my knowledge.
(triumphant music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(triumphant music)
[Narrator] Fear of
annihilation closes in
on Kari and Angewomon
who protect the Digieggs.
[Tai] Next time: Kari, New Life.
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.